浙江三友发展集团有限公司简介
浙江三友发展集团有限公司隶属新大集团，成立于1997年，是一家集外贸进出口、房地产开发、金融投资、化工工贸于一体的企业集团。
公司长期致力于毛纺等各类面料和服装的生产和贸易，产品包括:高品质羊绒、羊毛等纺纱、化纤面料及服装;羽绒服&棉服及床上用品;针(梭)织服装;裘革皮服装及原料等。公司产品远销美国、欧洲，日本，东南亚，加拿大等30多个国家和地区，为多个国际著名品牌贴牌生产，并与之建立长期稳定的战略合作伙伴关系。公司拥有杭州天然羽绒制品有限公司、杭州天然皮草有限公司，宁波远东织物有限公司等数家全资或合资企业,还拥有一批长期稳定合作工厂作为补充，建成了涵盖面广、品种齐全、信誉着著，产能足的出口生产基地。
公司创建20多年来，始终坚持“信誉第一、品质至上”的理念，不断进取、开拓创新。公司愿与新老客户携手共进，合作共赢，共创美好未来!
地址：杭州滨江区聚业路25号                                                                                                                              联系电话：13606540298


ZHEJIANG SUNNIC GROUP CO.,LTD PROFILE
 Zhejiang Sunnic Group Co.Ltd belong to Xinda group was founded in 1997, is a group who has its business line covering the import and export trade, real estate development, financial investment and chemical industry etc.
Our company dominated in the productions and trade of all kinds of woven fabric and garments, including high-quality cashmere, wool,nylon such as yarns, fabric and garments; down&padded clothing and bedding sets; knitting (woven) garment; furs, Leather clothing and raw materials. Our products are exported to United States,Europe, Southeast Asia, Canada and so on, more than 30 countries. For a number of well-know international brand OEM and establish a long-term and strategic partnership. Within this self-contained group, we also have several subsidies such Hangzhou Natural Down Product Co.,Ltd, Hangzhou Nature Fur Products Co.,Ltd & Ningbo Far East Textile Co., Ltd,wholly- owned or joint ventures, also owns a number of long-term and stable cooperation factory a supplement, built cover a wide range, the credibility of a capacity sufficient export productic base.
With 20 years of experiences in clothing industry, as well as with the business ethic credibility prior. quality first ! We are sincerely to welcome customers all over the world. cooperation. and we believe that we could create together a better future based on win-win.

ADDRESS:NO.25 JUYE ROAD HANGZHOU,ZHEJIANG OF CHINA
CONTACT TEL:0086-13606540298
